### Trading Tester

#### Trading Tester is an App allowing you to design and test Trading Strategies for Forex and the Stock Market.
Trading Tester is an App allowing you to design and test Trading Strategies for Forex and the Stock Market.

##### **What is a Dataset?**
The DataSet is loaded according to your selection of Symbol : if you choose GOOGL for example, the pertinent data will be loaded directly from Yahoo Finance.

##### **What are Technical Indicators?**
Visualize Bollinger bands and the orders generated by it. The order are generated based on the assumption that the price bouncing back when it touches the edge of the Bollinger band.

##### **What is MACD?**
Our assumption of bouncing price may be invalid when trend is strong. MACD helps to identify such trend and to adjust strategy accordingly. Tuning the parameter below to catch trends with different period.

DISCLAIMER: The statement and analysis in this website is provided for educative purposes and as general information for illustrative purpose only. This app does not intend to provide invesment advice. You understand and acknowledge that there is a very high degree of risk involved in trading securities and/or currencies. The author assumes no responsibility or liability for your trading and investment results.

AVIS DE NON-RESPONSABILITÉ : La déclaration et l'analyse de ce site Web sont fournies à des fins éducatives et à titre d'information générale à des fins d'illustration uniquement. Cette application n'a pas l'intention de fournir des conseils d'investissement. Vous comprenez et reconnaissez qu'il existe un degré de risque très élevé lié à la négociation de titres et/ou de devises. L'auteur n'assume aucune responsabilité pour vos résultats de trading et d'investissement.
